Psalm 962 encourages Jehovah's people to sing to Jehovah and to praise his name.
When new songs have been released, the governing body has received many letters of appreciation
from new brothers and sisters thanking Jehovah for his goodness.
We are pleased and form you that five additional songs are now available.
Songs 146 through 150.
Two of the songs will be sung at the memorial of Christ's death on March 23rd, namely songs
147 and 149.
Make sure to learn how to sing them well.
There are four steps that can help you in doing so.
First, listen repeatedly to the music until you know it well.
Second, analyze the lyrics and try to memorize them.
Third, sing the melody together with the lyrics until you have mastered each song.
Fourth, rehearse the new songs a few times during your family worship or personal study session
until you're comfortable with them.
As announced in a letter to the congregations in December, for the concluding songs for
the midweek meeting for the weeks of February 22nd to March 14th, 2016, the final song
each week will be either song 147 or song 149.
These new songs will give us further reason to praise Jehovah, especially during the upcoming
memorial season.
We thank Jehovah for these spiritual gifts.